hello and welcome to the Nefarian guide
from love to play volcom this guide is
brought to you with the help of guild
rise a fairly challenging encounter
perhaps the hardest before heroics first
phase you get down in the arena and no
you are not fighting in fre on yet you
start on onyxia Nefarian will join the
fight a bit later on when exerted the
classical cleveland tail swipe but at
the same time she has a lightning type
ability when the tank sees her sides
sparkling that's the time to turn her
around because she does that lightning
damage to her sides read get the tail
swipe but it's better than the lightning
additionally you will get a couple of
ads we tank and slow them on 25 men and
in 10 man we see see them the ads have
an energy bar that steadily trains
that's their lifetime in this phase tank
or CC them until their energy bar
becomes depleted and they deactivate
keep the ads of the main tanks they
become reactivated if they get hit by
the shadow breath of any of the two
dragons 40 seconds into the fight and
Nefarian joins in thank him on the other
side of the platform as far away from
Onyxia they get buffed if within 60
yards of each other onyxia has an energy
bar that steadily grows when it
approaches one hundred on excel will
explode killing your entire reign your
goal is to kill nixa before she explodes
but at the same time you want to put as
much damage on Nefarian as you can the
more damage you put on a varian now the
easier it will be in the
nafees nefarian has a diddly electrocute
ability which will strike every ten
percent of his health disability does
etk damage to everyone in the red and
adds 25 energy to onyxia call this out
every ten percent healers should have
everyone full on HP before each ten
percent but they can use modern
efficient spells afterwards to bring
everybody back up at least in phase one
before you get on it shut down and
finish up phase one you should aim to
have Nefarian below eighty percent going
into Phase two and lava floods the room
you are to split your rate into three
groups each on a different pillar melees
take care of the ads while arranged do
damage to Nefarian stay spread out as
much as you can on the platform in order
to minimize shadow frame damage the ads
don't need to be tanked but they do have
a cast that does 40k AoE damage this
cost needs to be interrupted for the
duration of Phase two it goes off every
12 seconds in 10 man so you need at
least one interrupter per ad in 10 month
and it goes off every six seconds on 25
almost everybody that can interrupt
should interrupt in this fight and the
interrupt issue brings us back to the
beginning of Phase two when the lava was
just filling up the room and the ads
were appearing on the platform the thing
is that the ads do their cost almost as
soon as they spawn so what you've got is
people in the lava or just coming up
from the lava or burning up trying to
get on the platform with half HP barely
alive and then a blast wave hits the
in the face and close them this is one
of the more important and hardest
moments of the fight it is really
important that you get that first
interrupt the lava is burning you up the
ad on top ready to cast I will not lie
to you I missed that interrupt the first
couple of times yes I'm human I make
mistakes but I learned from those
mistakes and I developed a system for
myself and after that I stopped missing
those interrupts so here's how it goes
lava comes up on jumping and comes on
top of the platform I selected even if
i'm still in the lava i'm focusing on
jumping and getting out but my main
priority is that interrupt he casts I
interrupt dick note that you can
interrupt the end even if you are still
in the lava also in order to see the ad
while you are still in the lava make
sure you have water collision of mobis
interrupted everybody is alive in one
happy phase 2 begins you finish off with
phase two once the ads are dead or after
three minutes try to get Nefarian down
by twenty percent or more use defensive
cooldowns each time he uses that
electrocute phase free and it's time for
the ads again the ads act like a soft
enrage timer phase free is all about a
head control tanking and getting in fre
and down before the ads kill your ad
tanks we used two tanks in 25-man
shadowy flames start covering the floor
the ads get reactivated if they step
into these shadow blaze sparks are shot
towards the location of the ads creating
a shadow flame and
neath which reactivates them this means
that the tank needs to constantly move
the ads and try to keep them out of
shadowflame there are many ways of doing
this you can have Nefarian in the center
with the ad tank moving the ads around
the outer edge or you can have Nefarian
to the side with the tank using the rest
of the room at his own free will you can
help the tanks with ccs and slows but
remember the shadow frame breaks cc's
and slows it is recommended that you
start phase free with Nefarian as low as
possible forty-one percent or lower
would be really good but i have seen
guilds getting him down and starting
phase three at as much as 60 1 percent
this has been a guide from love to play
whoa calm share this guy with your guilt
so that you will be able to get Nefarian
down thanks for watching